This Checkers game was developed for the Aritifical Intelligence class that I, Ryan Conner, and Park Minseok made as a group project. At https://checkersgame-a3b92.web.app/ you can play against the AI agent that we are making for our Artifial Intelligence class on our fully custom made UI. There are two AIs to play against (AlphaZero MCTS and A-B pruning) and can toggle between them in the side bar. There are also buttons to reset the game, the scoreboard, change from a regular 10 minute game to a speed 3 minute game, dark mode will change the colors to a darker tone, a all kings mode making every piece a king and finally the legal moves toggle will show or hide the possible legal moves for a given piece after selecting it. We had a lot of fun making it and we hope you also can have fun playing it. 

The file structure starts with App.jsx this is the top level file containing most of the useStates and useEffects controlling the logic that is passed down to the other components as props to update the states.

Board.jsx is the other file that plays a major role in the game logic. that is where all of the possible moves are figured out and then displayed as well as where the API call is made. There is also a 1 second delay after receiving the AIs move and clicking the tile of the piece to be moved and moving it so you can see what the AI is thinking.

Finally, the AI is hosted in an API in Google Cloud. Everytime it is the AIs move the call will be made to find the AIs move. It can take an additional 15 seconds for the first move to be made. After that, in my experience, the MCTS AI will take around 6 seconds to make a move and the A-B pruning will take around 1 second to make its move.
